procedures: rewrite and expand the "Backup and disaster recovery" sections of the admin guide (#2121)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/partials/assembly_backing-up-a-che-instance-to-amazon-s3-by-custom-resources.adoc

:parent-context-of-backing-up-a-{prod-id-short}-instance-to-amazon-s3-by-custom-resources: {context}

[id="backing-up-a-{prod-id-short}-instance-to-amazon-s3-by-custom-resources_{context}"]
= Backing up a {prod-short} instance to Amazon S3 by custom resources

:context: backing-up-a-{prod-id-short}-instance-to-amazon-s3-by-custom-resources

> To back up a {prod-short} instance to Amazon S3 by custom resources:

Reviewer: It's not only Amazon S3, but also all API compatible solutions.

Author: Added `S3 API compatible` where possible. Discussing the scope of Amazon S3 procedures on Slack.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To back up a {prod-short} instance to Amazon S3 by using custom resources:
```

Reviewer 2: To avoid repetition and create a full sentence before the colon, you can do the following:
```suggestion
To back up a {prod-short} instance to Amazon S3, you create two custom objects:
* One to to configure {prod-short} to use Amazon S3.
* Then, a second one to make and send a backup snapshot of the {prod-short} instance to Amazon S3.
```

Reviewer 2: If you apply this suggestion, make similar updates to similar instances in this PR.

Author: Thank you, Rolfe!
